---
title: "API Key Request"
# meta title
meta_title: ""
# meta description
description: ""
# save as draft
draft: false
---

### CBorg API Terms of Service

By using this service, you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions:

1. The CBorg API Service is experimental and subject to change at any time. Service availability is provided on a best-effort basis only and is not suitable for use in critical infrastructure.
2. You will not transmit or process PII, confidential or export-controlled information with the CBorg API Service.
3. You will not connect the CBorg API service to any public-facing chatbot or other public-facing LLM-powered service. CBorg API does not include guard rails to prevent potential abuse from public access.
4. You will promptly delete and disable your key in the event that it is leaked to any third party
5. You will store the key securely, e.g. using an environment variable or secrets manager, and not allow it to be published in any source code respository.
6. You accept responsibility for compliance with the terms of use of any AI model accessed through the CBorg API Service.
7. Generative AI systems may produce misleading, biased or incorrect answers. You accept all responsibility for consequences of any errors or problems resulting from results generated by models connected to the CBorg API Service.

{{< button "Continue to CBorg API Key Manager" "https://api.cborg.lbl.gov/key/manage" >}}

**Note:** To access the Key Manager you must login using your Lab-connected Google identity.

**Usage Limitations:** Keys are configured with an initial monthly budget and expire after one year. Contact Science IT Consulting if you need more budget for a project.

**For User Support / Help / Feedback:**
Please contact Science IT Consulting at [scienceit@lbl.gov](mailto:scienceit@lbl.gov).

